# Changelog

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

## [0.1.7] - 2018-04-03

### Added

- Added status component.
- Added rangeslider component and added documentation for it in forms.
- Added styling for lists.
- Added pagination component.

## [0.1.6] - 2018-03-22

### Added

- Added utility classes for spacing.
- Added input groups.
- Added forms.
- Added webdriverio for functional testing.
- Added form components:
    - Checkbox
    - Radio button,
    - Togglebox
    - Help block
- Added validation styles for input group.
- Added styling for fieldset and legend

### Changed

- Changed checkbox, radio button and togglebox to no longer require being a child of their label.
- Changed togglebox to no longer require a `<span class="toggle">`-element, the styling is applied to `:before` and `:after` on the `<input>` element.
- Changed `ComponentPreview` component to remove trailing "`=""`" from attributes on markup generated by react's `renderToStaticMarkup` method.

## [0.1.5] - 2018-03-14

### Added

- Added panel component
- Added panel muted, this will work as a replacement for the old card component.

### Changed

- Changed webpack config to not delete `/dist` when running webpack-dev-server (`npm start`).
- Changed child-elements of panel from `<div class="panel-header">` and `<div class="panel-footer">` to `<header>` and `<footer>` (utility-classes, like `.panel-heading-right`, still apply).
- Changed child-elements of modal from `<div class="modal-header">` and `<div class="panel-footer">` to `<header>` and `<footer>` (utility-classes, like `.panel-heading-right`, still apply).

## [0.1.4] - 2018-03-13

### Added

- Added modal component
- Added tables
- Added `/dist` dir to repo for github pages

### Changed

- Changed some of the styling on typography and modal

## [0.1.3] - 2018-03-08

### Added

- Added central configuration for routes, routes are now added dynamically when configured in `./src/App/routes/`.
- Added `CONTRIBUTING.MD`.
- Added Contributing documentation component under `GettingStarted`.
- Added stylelint to project.
- Added configuration files for stylelint (`.stylelintrc` and `.stylelintignore`).

### Changed

- Changed routing logic, so that routes are now configured in the `router` directory under `App`. To add new routes simply add it to the routes array in the appropriate object. `root.js` is the four main routes, `docs.js` contains the routes for the documentation. Will add routes for examples and templates (and maybe home) when needed.
- Changed `SelectPanel` so that is now updated with the routes from `/routes/docs.js` and not from the separate adjacent `routes.js`.
- Changed Button component: Renamed prop `color` to `type`, the previous prop `type` has been renamed `btnType`.
- Changed prop `type` on Alert and Button component from `PropTypes.string` to `PropTypes.oneOf` (enum).
- Changed `npm` scripts to contain linting by stylelint

### Removed

- Removed obsolete index files from `Components`, `Core` and `GettingStarted` directories under `Documentation`, these files almost exclusively handled routing.
- Removed separate `routes.js` file from `SelectPanel` directory.
- Removed `DocView` component.

## [0.1.2] - 2018-03-02

### Added

- Added loader component.
- Added support for loader component within a button component.
- Lots of unit tests

### Changed

- The alert component's close button now no longer needs `data-close` attribute to close the alert, only `.alert-close` class is needed.
- Data attributes will be prefixed with `data-px-` from now on.

### Removed

- Ghost buttons removed from base stylesheet. Will probably be included at some point in a dedicated theme.
- Badges removed from buttons for now, might be included at some point in the future.

## [0.1.1] - 2018-02-27

### Added

- Added unit tests.
- Added polyfills for supporting Internet Explorer.
- Added breadcrumb component and documentation.
- Added alert component and documentation.
- Added button component and documentation.

### Changed

- Updated README.

## [0.1.0] - 2018-02-13

### Added

- Set up routing for the project.
- Added routes and redirects.
- Added most of the core styling from the old designguide.
- Added a changelog.

## [0.0.1] - 2018-02-09

### Added

- Set up a skeleton site for the project.
- Added Webpack for bundling/building the project
- Added testing environment with jest and enzyme.
